TAU DAOSHANZHAN ANNUAL GRAND CIRCUIT Standards and Regulations:
Section A: STATEMENT OF PURPOSE AND EXPECTATIONS

Section B: MECH CONSTRUCTION GUIDELINES
>#143: Blink-capable mechs are not permitted and are grounds for immediate disqualification.
i) If we even suspect you've got some kind of nonggao SSC slipstream shidan on your mech we will feed you to the dustcorps.
ii) It was HORUS! They made me do it! is not a valid alibi.
~if ur readin this that means i like u. consider the followin a gift from 1 rat to another. -dr
<<TRANSCRIPT OF T-DSZ GRAND CIRCUIT BOARD EMERGENCY MEETING [REDACTED]
"...didn't even know shi-tsao [DSZ slang: SSC -dr] put their slipstream tech into production, someone on lamba [Lambda Daoshanzhan -dr] is gonna be losing their fingers I swear-"
"Ostie de botat isn't this why we started the race in the first place? That was incredible! One second he was there next second-"
" >>

Section C: RACE ETIQUETTE
>#3) EMP modules are permitted and to be expected.
i) harden your circuits, stop complaining and just do it.
>#54) Sparri mech combat techniques are permitted.
i) If you want to argue this one, argue it to the 69% regulatory board vote. Apparently it was "too cool not to allow" and "in the spirit of the race".
>#70: damaging the race course with intent to damage the race course is not permitted and is grounds for immediate disqualification.
i) look, we know it's fun to trick a Xiaoli targeting system into making your rig jump half a klick and do a three-point landing but the only reason the dustcorps haven't shut us down yet is because we haven't given them a pressing enough reason to do so.
ii) The Offworld Merc Incident of '20 was fun but that's the ONLY time we're allowing it.
iii) Find your own tsadiu loopholes, that's what makes this race fun in the first place.

INSPO AND LOOPHOLES REFERENCE:
DoctorDToday at 1:49 PM
@AReasonWhy i use the personalization's to add things that the mechs don't technically have.
like with a size 2-3, expanded compartment gives you space for a small bedding area and personalization's gives you a kitchenette. Boom, apartment on legs for those really long missions.
hp is cool, but there is alot of room for RP additions
Cpt. Clem CuddlecakesToday at 1:50 PM
Beer for the whole party
DoctorDToday at 1:50 PM
had a player that used that to add a bike rack so when battle was over he could ride his bike around the battlefield.
DANCERToday at 1:50 PM
Yeah personalizations can get really strong during in mech narrative bits
hypirlink (he/him)Today at 1:52 PM
Personalization is a bitchin spoiler on my mech so I get a +2 for illegal mech racing
DoctorDToday at 1:52 PM
you take a Lancaster with the right personalization's and you just have the full rest for the entire crew. Rebuild your mech, refuel your stomach, sleep on an actual sort of bed.
hypirlink (he/him)Today at 1:52 PM
Also a +2 on Family
DoctorDToday at 1:53 PM
sincere question, is teleportation allowed in illegal mech racing?
TaihusToday at 1:54 PM
depends on the host I'd imagine
or maybe it's the kind of thing your players do that gets teleportation banned from all subsequent illegal mech races
AReasonWhyToday at 1:55 PM
im not sure why i was tagged but yeah im all for mechappartment
DoctorDToday at 1:56 PM
oh i thought you were the one not seein their use
mighta read that wrong up there
i think im going to ask my current dm for illegal mech street racing.
AReasonWhyToday at 1:59 PM
need for speed underground mech formula
LollerismsToday at 1:59 PM
there's probably different levels of illegal mech racing
for instance most probably don't let you shoot your competitors
hypirlink (he/him)Today at 2:00 PM
Now THIS is mech racing
LollerismsToday at 2:02 PM
podracing but anakin fucking dies
AReasonWhyToday at 2:04 PM
wipeout but mechs
DoctorDToday at 2:12 PM
to win any race, take zheng with full evasion and pop the core power
use the buildings as targets
or other mechs
HannahToday at 2:18 PM
Get people to put debris on the track beforehand, then get JK1 and just bounce off everything
DANCERToday at 2:19 PM
Mimic Gun Everest with skirmisher stormbringer and siege specialist
LollerismsToday at 2:20 PM
run vlad and nail everyone to the ground before walking to the end
HannahToday at 2:20 PM
Wait
Just get a mule harness and convince everyone to get a lift together and draw
Then right before then end structure yourself to blow up the harness and cross the line
DANCERToday at 2:21 PM
Then emp them at the last corner
Lanny/manti actually sounds really fun
HannahToday at 2:21 PM
Wait actually now I want to know what happens if a mule harness gets destroyed with people in it?
Prudentia (he/him)Today at 2:21 PM
just ferrous leash the first place every 6 seconds
HannahToday at 2:25 PM
The real strategy is to goblin onto the fastest mech and just hitch a lift to victory
LollerismsToday at 2:25 PM
shit they're right
wait can't you just run a nelson and vwoop all the way to the end
DoctorDToday at 2:26 PM
@Hannah thats hopeing the faster mech doesn overheat you off of them halfway through the race
my gf plays a gobby and suffers eternally as the rest of our mechs shit out heat like you wouldnt beleive
HannahToday at 2:51 PM
I need to reread Lich rules but I'd be disappointed if there wasn't something in there
Using stuff like Siege Spec II or hunter I to get extra move with your weapons
Using Sunzi stuff to disqualify other people by making them teleport
TaihusToday at 2:56 PM
Using Sunzi stuff to disqualify other people by making them teleport
@Hannah nah, the regulations around teleportation are specifically about mech construction.
HannahToday at 2:57 PM
If their mech survives it's obviously blink capable
TaihusToday at 2:57 PM
I feel like there's someone on the regulatory "board" that would have gone "so what if I forced someone else into blinkspace?"
"how is that even possible"
"dude, we didn't even know slipstream modules existed until tonight's incident"
hypirlink (he/him)Today at 2:59 PM
If it was me doing a mech race, I wouldn’t tie position in the race to the mech’s turn by turn movement amount. I’d probably run the encounter so that at the end of each round everyone who isn’t suffering some form of CC gets moved ahead a set amount, maybe mechs near the “front” of the map get moved more so there’s a position to jockey for
TaihusToday at 2:59 PM
now I wanna do some kind of simultaneous action resolution mech race rules
hypirlink (he/him)Today at 2:59 PM
The map isn’t a position it represents more of a camera angle over all racers as they move through the track
And you could modify the obstructions and stuff round by round
TaihusToday at 3:00 PM
keep talking...
oh, I like
and there could be a whole social game aspect as you try to pull favors and get various bits of the course modified or get intel on what's on the course
beforehand, obviously
hypirlink (he/him)Today at 3:01 PM
So really it’s a control map with a single control point where the map changes every round, and each character tabulates points separately
HannahToday at 3:01 PM
What are the Tao Daoshanzhan rules on mech to mech combat?
BlindDukeToday at 3:01 PM
Goblin wins at the last minute when it celestial shackles all the other racers back to the start
hypirlink (he/him)Today at 3:01 PM
I’ll write this up in a few in a gist to share
TaihusToday at 3:02 PM
What are the Tao Daoshanzhan rules on mech to mech combat?
@Hannah I've got work in half an hour and only just realized, imma get back to you on that
I’ll write this up in a few in a gist to share
@hypirlink (he/him) good idea, I'll make a github repo of race regulations too, maybe start fielding suggestions for rules
HannahToday at 3:03 PM
Cool ok, I'll just make a list of anything that could be interesting  and put it up here at some point (probably not rn as I do need to sleep soon)